
Name:Shubham Shankar
Last 4 digits ID:1068

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					

Quiz Q6, 1.00, Summer 2020   (c) DL, UTA, 2020


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.

 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     ANY VIOLATIONS to scholastic honesty, which include working with others during this quiz, communicating with others during
     this quiz, giving anyone or recieving from anyone any information during this quiz or for the next 6 hours after completion
     of this quiz is a honors violation and will result in a -100 points being assessed for this quiz and being reported. 

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________SS

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4a. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

 4b. Upload all data files (not this quiz) to cloud service. 
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

 Your job is to create a simple two player game. To ensure security and safety each player will have a browser interface
 to separate instances. So you must have at least two instances (one for each user/browser), you may have more, if you wish.
 The game is played as follows:
   Each user, on a web page, enters their name (up to 12 characters). After entering this will lead them to the next page.
   Once both users have entered their names the user will see both names on each player's game web page that shows: 
   those two names, a count down counter (each player sees their own counter, not the other players counter). 
   Each counter starts at 5, and for each move by a player is decremented (subtract 1) until it hits 0. 
   The plays are not syncronized, players can play as fast (or slow) as they wish.
   The game is: your application will generate a random integer number between 11 and 99. Only one number is generated.
   Each player, independantly, will try to guess that number, and the game will respond by telling each player, independantly,
   "GREAT" (guessed the number), "High" (guess too high) or "Low".
   When either player gets "GREAT" or when either players counter hits 0, the game is over, show both players what the final
   counters were.

  5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name,
     and below that, Student ID at the top of every web page dispayed 
     (for this quiz). 
     Please use a large font.
    
     The cloud service provider is Amazon AWS. 

  6. Show the game pages (web interfaces) and the count down counter, on different browser instances.
     (Don't need the game implemented, but require user enters name)

  7. Show the game.

 10. Show us, in a link, the application (game) running and we will try it out. Only for parts 6, 7

 11. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

